# How to run Console
The Main.class asks for input in form of any text for <b>until we provide two new lines</b>. After two new lines were provided another question is asked for desired output format. Provide answer, either XML or CSV, and output in given format will be printed to standard output.
Code supports reading from Std::in and Resource files.

# How to run UI
Start `NordeaAssignmentApplication` and in Your browser use `http://localhost:8080/convert`.
There are 3 columns on the form: `input`, `expected`, `actual`. This form is designed to help validating solution.

# How to use tests
There is parametrized test added: `src/test/java/org/amen/nordea/assignment/sample/SampleFilesTest.java`.
Test runs samples provided with assignment. There is one file (Large XML) missing and for that reason single test fails.

First (small) sample passes for input provided in the sample. Second test file requires: `large.xml` and `large.csv`. Both should be added directory: `src/test/resources/sample-files`.

You can <b>replace resource files with Your own</b> valid files and run the test file. It should assert if there are any differences between output generated by the code and files found in resources.

# Missing features
If there are files in text with extensions they are not correctly interpreted as break of sentence. Files and their extensions should be kept together and properly interpreted as part of sentence.
Example sentence which won't be processed properly:
`File MainSmallTest.java should not be broken into parts.`

# Author
Paweł Recław